----- NPC: Brutus -----
Default Dialogue: You been keeping safe out there?
First Interaction: Been a minute, rook.
Wearing Meowscles, TNTina, Skye: Boss is back and... I think I'm ready for a change, ya know?
Wearing Jules: Maybe we can put that GHOST and SHADOW stuff behind us now. Start fresh.
Wearing Ascendant Midas: You've been gone a while, boss. Glad you're back.
Random Dialogue: You been keeping safe out there?
Random Dialogue: The gang's all here and the boss is back. Weird.
Random Dialogue: Things feel like they're gonna change now.


----- NPC: Myna -----
Default Dialogue: You shouldn't fear the gods. They should fear you.
First Interaction: You're lucky you're not a god. I might have hurt you.
Wearing Artemis: You, above all, should understand why I hunt.
Wearing Zeus: When this is over, I'll wield your power as a trophy.
Wearing Hades: I wonder, have your chains ever held you?
Wearing Aphrodite: Hearts were meant to be broken. I am simply the hammer.
Wearing Poseidon: The sea's tempests don't hold a candle to me.


----- NPC: Aphrodite -----
Default Dialogue: What would you like to know more about?
Default Dialogue: He wasn't always like this. My father, I mean. Zeus.
Default Dialogue: I remember, eons ago, he would give mortals gifts!
Default Dialogue: Then something...changed in him. He's grown more distant ever since.
Default Dialogue: I've kept peace between him and the mortals, but now...
Default Dialogue: Now I worry no one can stop his wrath.
Default Dialogue: I don't really know how I became the advocate for mortals among the gods.
Default Dialogue: Things just didn't seem... fair. And I made sure the other gods knew that.
Default Dialogue: After a while, I guess I developed a reputation.
Default Dialogue: I don't regret it. I'm proud of standing up for my beliefs.
Default Dialogue: What can the god of the squad do for you today?
First Interaction: Hmm? Oh! Do you need any help?
Wearing Hope: Listen to your heart. It will tell you the truth of what you truly are...
Wearing Zeus: Why are you doing this, father? Mortals deserve a fair chance.
Wearing Hades: You've always valued mortals. In your own way.
Wearing Medusa: I wish we could see eye to eye, because our goals are so similar.
Wearing Cerberus: What do you think, Cerberus? Can we reason with my father?
Random Dialogue: What can the god of the squad do for you today?
Random Dialogue: I hope you have some ideas for handling Zeus.
Random Dialogue: One day I'll make everyone get along. I hope.
Random Dialogue: You mortals deserve better than my father's wrath.
Random Dialogue: Mortals have made such wondrous things. Have you tried "ice cream"?


----- NPC: Jules -----
Default Dialogue: With the right amount of elbow grease, you can fix anything.
First Interaction: Hey.
Wearing Marigold: I'm happy he's back. I promise.
Wearing Brutus: Alright. Let's call it water under the bridge.
Wearing Meowscles, TNTina, Skye: SHADOW, GHOST, whatever. You're my friends.
Wearing Ascendant Midas: Hi, dad. It's... really good to see you.
Random Dialogue: With the right amount of elbow grease, you can fix anything.
Random Dialogue: Hard work, focus, luck. That's the key to success.
Random Dialogue: I don't want any family drama... but I guess it's found me.
Random Dialogue: I hate to admit it... but I'm really glad my dad is back.
Random Dialogue: So my dad is... back. Hm. Complicated feelings.


----- NPC: Hope -----
Default Dialogue: I don't regret taking on The Society... but I wish things could've been different.
First Interaction: Hey. How are you doing, after everything?
Wearing Vengeance Jones: First The Society, and now GODS? When do we catch a break?
Wearing Valeria: No more poking around in grandpa's ancient maps, or so help me...
Wearing Nisha, Oscar: Not gonna say "I told you so", but...
Wearing Montague: Go steal yourself a new life. Your little Society is done.
Wearing Zeus, Hades, Cerberus: I don't want any trouble.
Random Dialogue: I don't regret taking on The Society... but I wish things could've been different.
Random Dialogue: We wanted to change the world. I guess we did.
Random Dialogue: The Underground is done for now... but I'm betting not for long.
Random Dialogue: Fighting The Society was one thing. Now there's actual gods.
Random Dialogue: I think I just... need a minute.
Default Dialogue: I'll share what information I can.
Default Dialogue: The Underground was a success.
Default Dialogue: Even before the gods arrived, The Society was in shambles.
Default Dialogue: But Valeria is not the type to be upstaged. So... gods.
Default Dialogue: The Society realized they weren't gods once actual gods showed up.
Default Dialogue: They're gone. Good riddance.
Default Dialogue: Not like the gods are much better, though...
Default Dialogue: Leave it to my sister to literally open Pandora's Box...
Default Dialogue: ...and then leave me to clean up the mess.
Default Dialogue: Valeria always liked to make a dramatic exit.


----- NPC: Laguna -----
Default Dialogue: Need any help out there?
First Interaction: Oh hey! You look, uh... like you could use a hand.
Wearing Poseidon: I hear you host amazing beach parties. Awesome.
Wearing Cerberus: Who's a good pup?!
Random Dialogue: Need any help out there?
Random Dialogue: Staying safe? I hear the waves are getting choppy.
Random Dialogue: Don't forget your Slurpscreen!


----- NPC: Bravo Leader -----
Default Dialogue: Your ammo pouch is looking a little parched.
First Interaction: Name's Bravo Leader, but my friends call me BL.


----- NPC: TNTina -----
Default Dialogue: I just wanna make things go BOOM!
First Interaction: Heya, I'm TNTina. The original short fuse.
Wearing Meowscles, Jules, Brutus, Skye, Marigold: Getting the gang back together's really lit my fuse. 
Wearing Marigold: Thanks for sending up a flare.
Wearing Ascendant Midas: You were always more gunpowder than fuse, boss.
Random Dialogue: I just wanna make things go BOOM!
Random Dialogue: It's nice to be back.
Random Dialogue: Looking forward to seeing the team back together. 
Random Dialogue: Stick with me, I bet we could really blow up.
Random Dialogue: GRENADE!! Ha, just kidding.


----- NPC: Medusa -----
Default Dialogue: What curiosity of yours can I sate, mortal?
Default Dialogue: They call me monster. They say the hero Perseus slew me.
Default Dialogue: Nonsense. I stood up to the gods.
Default Dialogue: And the hero Perseus... He saved my life.
Default Dialogue: Perseus is my closest ally. I hope you get to meet him.
Default Dialogue: They call it a curse, but I call it power.
Default Dialogue: I reached out to something deep and strong, and accepted its gift.
Default Dialogue: Now, I can stand against the gods to protect mortals. Someone has to.
Default Dialogue: The gods have harmed many. I seek to put a stop to it.
First Interaction: Well-met, mortal. 
Wearing Hope: You carry a great potential in you, mortal. I should know, I was much the same...
Wearing Zeus: Someday you gods, and all the pain you've caused, will merely be a myth.
Wearing Aphrodite: I would love to trust you. But in the end, you're a god, just like them.
Wearing Ares: Leave me be, warmonger. I prefer more subtle methods of combat.
Random Dialogue: The gods have harmed many. I seek to put a stop to it.
Random Dialogue: I presume you've heard of me. The gods love their little myths.
Random Dialogue: If you ever feel like, oh, ending the rule of the pantheon? Give me a call.
Random Dialogue: The gods have taken much from me. But they will never take my fury.
Random Dialogue: If you see Zeus, ask him to return my trinkets. He knows what he stole.
Random Dialogue: Whatever you've heard about me, it's probably a lie.


----- NPC: Clara -----
Default Dialogue: From my dossiers to your ears, it seems.
Default Dialogue: I've known Hope as long as I've known her sister.
Default Dialogue: That is, a very, very long time.
Default Dialogue: She still thinks someone can save the world, poor thing.
Default Dialogue: The Society gave this island much-needed stability.
Default Dialogue: Though offering a spot to riffraff like Oscar... Hmph.
Default Dialogue: This Island will always crave a strong hand. 
Default Dialogue: Do you expect to defeat these gods and rule yourself?
Default Dialogue: Do you really think I'll inform on my top client?
Default Dialogue: She's the only one of those Society brats whose calls I'll still take.
Default Dialogue: Am I on a job for her now? You'd love to know, wouldn't you.
Default Dialogue: You lack grace. But your form is adequate.
First Interaction: You are lucky to meet me.
Wearing Valeria: Another assignment for me, then? Make it quick.
Wearing Hope: You were always too naive for this vicious world, little Hope.
Wearing Montague: You are beneath me now, thief. Perhaps you always were.
Wearing Nisha, Oscar, Kavel: Without The Society behind you, you are useless to me.
Random Dialogue: You lack grace. But your form is adequate.
Random Dialogue: Do not bore me.
Random Dialogue: Strike so quietly, even a god could not hear you.
Random Dialogue: My respect is not given. It is earned.
Random Dialogue: The end comes to everyone. But it comes first to the foolish.


----- NPC: Skye -----
Default Dialogue: This Island is always an adventure!
First Interaction: Hi! I'm Skye. Nice to meet you!
Wearing Meowscles, TNTina, Jules, Brutus: I'm really glad we reconnected. I've missed my friends.
Wearing Marigold: THANK YOU for finding him. I've been worried.
Wearing Ascendant Midas: BOSS! You're back, safe and sound!
Random Dialogue: This Island is always an adventure!
Random Dialogue: I think you'd like my friend Ollie - and he'd like you!
Random Dialogue: A new adventure is always on the horizon!
Random Dialogue: The old crew's back together, and it's... different, but nice.
Random Dialogue: Never thought I'd get tangled back in the boss' webs.
Random Dialogue: I'm so glad the boss is okay. I was worried about him.


----- NPC: Artemis -----
Default Dialogue: It's impressive how loud you are, little mouse. Truly.
First Interaction: It seems stealth is not your strong suit, little mouse.
Wearing Hope: Tell me, why does a hunter like you help the prey?
Wearing Zeus: Why do you rob our quarry of their right as prey?
Wearing Aphrodite: How do you stand being around mortals all day? They're so... loud.
Wearing Myna: You show promise, little hunter. But you are not my equal yet.
Wearing Cerberus: You would offer a mighty hunt. Why do you serve a god like Hades?
Random Dialogue: It's impressive how loud you are, little mouse. Truly.
Random Dialogue: Keep practicing, little mouse. I almost didn't hear you.
Random Dialogue: Perhaps, with time, you can become a hunter. Not prey.
Default Dialogue: What are you curious about, little mouse?
Default Dialogue: I honor Zeus as our leader... but I have doubts.
Default Dialogue: His hatred for you mortals is, well, a bit much.
Default Dialogue: And his desire to destroy your kind is dishonorable at its heart.
Default Dialogue: Few things in life are as pure as the Hunt.
Default Dialogue: The chase, the thrill. For both predator and prey.
Default Dialogue: Perhaps I will show you, little mouse. If you can adhere to the rules.


----- NPC: Khari -----
Default Dialogue: Trust me. I never miss.
First Interaction: Nice to meet you. I'm Khari.
Wearing Artemis: Oh. Uhhh. Hi! It's... It's a wonder to meet you.
Wearing Myna: The gods aren't all bad... I mean, Artemis seems pretty cool...
Random Dialogue: Trust me. I never miss.
Random Dialogue: If Artemis called... I could be persuaded to join her.
Random Dialogue: Have you ever held destiny in the palm of your hand?
Random Dialogue: I'll never trust other weapons like I do my own bow.


----- NPC: Etheria -----
Default Dialogue: Default conversation.
First Interaction: Hail, from the Fallen Oasis.
Random Dialogue: There is a greater power at play here than mere gods...
Random Dialogue: My souls see a warrior within you.
Random Dialogue: These gods are like any other powerful being: breakable, with the right tool.
Random Dialogue: My oasis was made a wasteland, eons ago. Beware dark strangers.
Random Dialogue: I seek rest after multiple lifetimes of strife. If peace is even possible...


----- NPC: Jittershock -----
Default Dialogue: Oh wow... THIS PLACE IS SO COOL!
First Interaction: I'm not jittery, bud. I'm Jittershock!
Wearing Sunspot: Buddy, I think this place is gonna make our dreams come true.
Random Dialogue: Oh wow... THIS PLACE IS SO COOL!
Random Dialogue: I wonder what neat metals they got down in that Underworld.
Random Dialogue: What's your favorite snack? Nickel's really sweet, but gold... mmm...
Random Dialogue: I bet that Pandora's Box tastes realllly good. Or maybe it would just blow me up.


----- NPC: Spartan Assassin -----
Default Dialogue: Careful not to stray into my sights.
First Interaction: Is there something I can do for you?


----- NPC: Shade Midas -----
Default Dialogue: Make it worth my time.
First Interaction: You've heard right. I'm back.
Wearing Marigold: It's... very nice to see you again.
Wearing Jules: I see you've grown beyond my shadow. I hope you haven't left me behind.
Wearing Brutus, Skye, TNTina, Meowscles: Good, you're back. Let's get to work.
Random Dialogue: Make it worth my time.
Random Dialogue: You have my attention. Don't waste it.
Random Dialogue: This Island was always too small for my ambitions.
Random Dialogue: I don't fear these gods. No power is absolute.
Random Dialogue: Hades thought he could keep me trapped. He would have been the first.
Random Dialogue: It seems I've missed quite a bit in my time away.
Random Dialogue: Nothing lasts forever. Except gold.
Random Dialogue: In the myths they tell of me, they never quite get the details right.
Random Dialogue: My next venture is beginning. I think it will be fruitful.


----- NPC: Marigold -----
Default Dialogue: What do you want to know?
Default Dialogue: I've been tracking Midas ever since he went offline.
Default Dialogue: The Underworld was beyond the scope of that search.
Default Dialogue: I won't make that mistake again.
Default Dialogue: I told you I'd have work for you.
First Interaction: It's been a while, hasn't it?
Wearing Brutus, Skye, TNTina, Meowscles: I told you he was here. Wait on my signal - we're getting him off this Island.
Wearing Jules: Give your father a chance. Midas adores you, in his way.
Wearing Boardwalk Ruby: Thank you. I couldn't have found him without you.
Wearing Ascendant Midas: I can't believe you named a boat after me.
Random Dialogue: I told you I'd have work for you.
Random Dialogue: At long last... he's back.
Random Dialogue: It has been a long time, golden king...
Random Dialogue: There is only one person who understands the Golden Touch like I do.
Random Dialogue: I've kept my promise to the crew. What happens now is up to Midas.


----- NPC: Poseidon -----
Default Dialogue: You wanna hear a classic Poseidon beach story, mortal?
Default Dialogue: It's like this right? Phinster, my pet dolphin, entered himself into a competition.
Default Dialogue: I didn't know about it, of course. Not till he dragged me into it.
Default Dialogue: Anyways, we're there, at the starting line, and guess who we see next to us? Go on, guess!
Default Dialogue: HADES! SURFIN' CERBERUS!
Default Dialogue: Phinster and I won, of course. God of the sea, here.
Default Dialogue: But let me tell you, that Cerberus can SWIM!
Default Dialogue: Mortal! Lookin' beachy-keen.
First Interaction: Wassup mortal? Looks like you're ready to party!
Wearing Hope: Whoa. You glow like sunken treasure. What ARE you?
Wearing Zeus: Zeus, hey! Listen, bro, could you tone down the lightning a bit? You're scaring the fish.
Wearing Cerberus: The best hound in the world! Ready to go for a swim, Cerber-buddy?
Wearing Artemis: Artemis, hey! Catch anything good lately? This place has some awesome fishing spots.
Wearing Medusa: Hey, uh, Medusa. I'm glad you got the invite...
Random Dialogue: Mortal! Lookin' beachy-keen.
Random Dialogue: Hey, I ever tell you about the dolphin surfing championship?
Random Dialogue: If you see Zeus, could you tell him to tone it down?


----- NPC: Meowscles -----
Default Dialogue: Mrrow, so much has happened since I last saw the crew...
First Interaction: Mrrow... I was having such a good nap...
Wearing Marigold: I can't believe you were right, mrrow. He's really back.
Wearing Brutus, Jules, Skye, TNTina: I think the boss needs our help.
Wearing Lynx, Kit, Meow Skulls: I might need to leave town for a bit, mrrow. To help an old buddy.
Wearing Katt: So you're the kid of, uh, a different me? That's... cool. I like your mech!
Wearing Ascendant Midas: Good to see you, boss. Give me a skritch for old time's sake?
Random Dialogue: Mrrow, so much has happened since I last saw the crew...
Random Dialogue: Secret Agent Meowscles, back in action!
Random Dialogue: Seems like my vacation has come to an end.
Random Dialogue: My past has come calling, mrrow. I'd prefer the dinner bell.
Default Dialogue: What do you wanna know, bud?
Default Dialogue: That whole situation got really messy.
Default Dialogue: When you start picking sides, everything falls apart.
Default Dialogue: I hope we can all move on, as friends and professionals.
Default Dialogue: Midas was my boss. But we were also buds.
Default Dialogue: I didn't really talk back then. But I didn't need to.
Default Dialogue: He's sweeter than he seems.


