----- NPC: Sub-Zero -----
Default Dialogue: What is it that you seek?
Default Dialogue: The Tournament was created by the Elder Gods to suppress the Outworld threat.
Default Dialogue: It is held once per generation...
Default Dialogue: ...and it cannot be refused.
Default Dialogue: If you are chosen to fight for this realm... will you be ready?
Default Dialogue: Don't distract me from my mission.
First Interaction: Are you an ally of the Lin Kuei?
Random Dialogue: Scorpion... I must find him.
Random Dialogue: Don't distract me from my mission.
Random Dialogue: Victors write history, and I do not lose.


----- NPC: Keisha Cross -----
Default Dialogue: I know just about everybody around here.
Default Dialogue: You love bikes too?! I swear, I was put on this Island to build 'em and ride 'em.
Default Dialogue: Cassidy and I used to... "borrow" bikes together all the time.
Default Dialogue: I've gone legit... mostly. 
Default Dialogue: But if Cass and I hadn't boosted bikes as kids, who knows what I'd be doing now!
Default Dialogue: In a place like this, with Kane's thumb pressin' down on all of us...
Default Dialogue: ...I think of our markets as a community good.
Default Dialogue: Even outlaws need a place to congregate, kick back, and network, you know?
Default Dialogue: And the more Bars I make, the more bikes I can build. It's a win-win.
Default Dialogue: Cassidy's my girl! We grew up together.
Default Dialogue: She's a thrillseeker. I'm a worrier. What else can I say?
Default Dialogue: Oh! I guess I could say: if you mess with her...
Default Dialogue: ...we're going to have a serious, serious problem. Got it?
Default Dialogue: Howdy, gearhead.
First Interaction: Us gearheads have one rule: don't cause trouble in the shop.
Random Dialogue: Howdy, gearhead.
Random Dialogue: Tech and gear, available here! Ugh, that rhymed.
Random Dialogue: Welcome back.
Wearing Cassidy Quinn: You promised you'd stay safe out there, Cass.
Wearing Fletcher Kane: I don't have the parts to service your car. Sorry.
Wearing Outlaw Midas: You've got an angle... don't you?


----- NPC: Big Dill -----
Default Dialogue: Free your brain from the brine, and speak up.
Default Dialogue: What can I say, lil' brine? You gotta know when to pump 'em, and when to dump 'em.
Default Dialogue: I have to thank my valued holders - because of your diamond hands, I'm richer than ever.
Default Dialogue: And you're... well... you learned an invaluable lesson about trusting a pickle with your finances.
Default Dialogue: I left you with enough to buy the next album though, right?
Default Dialogue: Why choose just one when you can have two?
Default Dialogue: I'm the innovator of the Pump & Dump.
Default Dialogue: Load 'em up with the SMG, then knock 'em down.
Default Dialogue: In the studio I go by Big Dill.
Default Dialogue: Outside of the studio, I also go by Big Dill.
Default Dialogue: Just call me Big Dill. It's easier that way.
Default Dialogue: It's the scam--um, *business* of the future, man.
Default Dialogue: You give me Bars. I have your Bars. I spend your Bars.
Default Dialogue: And you get to have a Dill Bit! 
Default Dialogue: And you get to attempt to spend it however you want. No refunds.
Default Dialogue: Stay salty.
First Interaction: Name's Big Dill.
Random Dialogue: Stay salty.
Random Dialogue: I've got that fermentation elation!
Random Dialogue: This gherk's got the gold.
Wearing The Brat: There's my Boi!
Wearing Kendo: What's in the jar, bro? WHAT'S IN THE JAR?!
Wearing Lil Whip: Respectfully, your flow is absolutely rancid.


----- NPC: Cassidy Quinn -----
Default Dialogue: I'm all in.
First Interaction: Cassidy Quinn, at your disservice.
Random Dialogue: I'm all in.
Random Dialogue: Has fate dealt you a good hand today?
Random Dialogue: Some people call me the Quinn of Spades. You know, when I ask them to.
Random Dialogue: Whatever you're planning, deal me in.
Wearing Keisha Cross: I'll slow down when I'm good and ready for it.
Wearing Outlaw Midas: You're... Midas!! THE Midas!! Oh... Oh wow....
Wearing Fletcher Kane: You're not gonna catch me.
Default Dialogue: Got questions? Hit me.
Default Dialogue: No risk, no reward baby.
Default Dialogue: And no cool story to impress people with afterwards, either.
Default Dialogue: Sometimes risking it all is scary, but you can do anything scared.
Default Dialogue: And whatever happens, you're a little less scared to do it next time.
Default Dialogue: That arrogant, pompous, TACKY pomeranian...
Default Dialogue: He thinks he can rule with an iron paw.
Default Dialogue: But when tyranny bites... we bite back.
Default Dialogue: When we're through with him, he'll run cryin' back to his kennel.
Default Dialogue: He's a legend. Literally. I can't believe he's real.
Default Dialogue: When I was a kid, I dreamt of working with him...
Default Dialogue: The ultimate criminal. And me, his protege. 
Default Dialogue: ...Sorry, I got distracted. What did you want?


----- NPC: Valentina -----
Default Dialogue: Don't waste my time. What do you need?
First Interaction: Hey.
Random Dialogue: Don't waste my time. What do you need?
Random Dialogue: The world's got a rhythm. Pay attention to it, and you can get anywhere.
Random Dialogue: I can crack any safe on this Island. Just watch me.
Wearing Cassidy Quinn: Cassidy Quinn. Always a sight for sore eyes.
Wearing Big Dill: I like your beats. Your bars are a little... briny.
Wearing Fletcher Kane: Your security's a joke, Kane. And not even a funny one.
Wearing Keisha Cross: Your girl Quinn came 'round. You two still runnin' together?
Wearing Skillet: Skillet! How're the booms?
Default Dialogue: You've got questions? Hit me.
Default Dialogue: Crime is like a dance.
Default Dialogue: A bank job is a ballet: carefully choreographed, everyone in their role. Tense, beautiful.
Default Dialogue: Safecracking is a bachata: intimate, sensual, dangerous.
Default Dialogue: Robbing Kane is like a school dance: embarassingly easy if you've got any rhythm.


----- NPC: The Night Rose -----
Default Dialogue: What do you want?
Default Dialogue: There is a growing darkness at the heart of this Island.
Default Dialogue: Of course, no-one will listen to a demon. A former enemy.
Default Dialogue: Dark days are coming. I just hope this Island is ready.
Default Dialogue: I have my freedom, after centuries of bondage.
Default Dialogue: But... nobody wants to trust a demon, do they? It's... lonely.
Default Dialogue: I want to build a life, do something meaningful...
Default Dialogue: But that will take time. And at least, now, I have that.
Default Dialogue: I'm free. It's been so long, I don't know what to do with myself.
First Interaction: I can't believe it. I am free of the puppeteer's control.
Random Dialogue: I'm free. It's been so long, I don't know what to do with myself.
Random Dialogue: Freedom is... disorienting. But it's worth it.
Random Dialogue: A great darkness is building... though no-one will listen.
Wearing Daigo: The Spirit Realm knows your taste now. Be careful.
Wearing Shadow Blade Hope: I know you want my help... but I need some time.
Wearing Jade: I'm glad to see you've been rescued. This Island seems to love you.
Wearing Shogun X: I will never be bound against my will again.


----- NPC: Daigo -----
Default Dialogue: If you're here to get in my way... don't.
First Interaction: If you're here to get in my way... don't.
Wearing Kendo: Just... stay out of my way. For Jade's sake.
Wearing Hope, Heroic Hope, Shadow Blade Hope: Hm. I don't know you... and I know everyone.
Wearing Vengeance Jones: Stay out of my business, stranger, and I'll stay out of yours.
Default Dialogue: What would you like to know?
Default Dialogue: People cannot cross into the Spirit Realm. Only demons.
Default Dialogue: I'll admit, I have a burning curiosity to see that world.
Default Dialogue: What ancient secrets it may be keeping...
Default Dialogue: But even I can't cross the threshold. Yet.
Default Dialogue: Kendo styles himself as a warrior of old, but he's just restless and bored.
Default Dialogue: He seeks some great purpose... Fool. We make our own purpose.
Default Dialogue: Jade is reckless, but brilliant. Maybe the smartest person I've met, aside from myself.
Default Dialogue: She'll change this world, if she doesn't destroy herself in the process.
Default Dialogue: As the eldest son, I inherited the shop from my grandfather.
Default Dialogue: Once upon a time, we made great, magical Masks of Power.
Default Dialogue: But my ancestors burned the secrets to crafting them.
Default Dialogue: I've unlocked rudimentary mask magic, but if I could make a true Mask of Power...


----- NPC: Elite Zadie -----
Default Dialogue: It takes real excellence to get an invite to the Elites.
First Interaction: Hey. You with the Elites?
Random Dialogue: It takes real excellence to get an invite to the Elites.
Random Dialogue: There's the Elites, and then there's everybody else. 
Random Dialogue: I'm out here scouting for the best of the best. Maybe that's you.
Random Dialogue: What are the Elites? Wouldn't you like to know...
Random Dialogue: Real Elites know how to climb the Ranks.
Default Dialogue: Go on. Shoot.
Default Dialogue: The Elites are interested in the mysterious power of 'siphon'.
Default Dialogue: The ability to take your opponent's vitality as your own is compelling.
Default Dialogue: If we can unlock the true potential of this mysterious force, The Elites can take competition to a whole new level.
Default Dialogue: The Elites are an organization made up of the best of the best.
Default Dialogue: You know the types. Fast, sharp, able to face a hundred foes and come out on top.
Default Dialogue: My people watch and rank the true competitors. For the truly elite, they can become... well, Elite.
Default Dialogue: Everybody else? Well, we need someone to cut our teeth on, don't we?


----- NPC: Vengeance Jones -----
Default Dialogue: Cat's outta the bag. Hope and I are hunting a Zero Point Shard.
First Interaction: I'm getting too old for this mess.
Random Dialogue: Cat's outta the bag. Hope and I are hunting a Zero Point Shard.
Random Dialogue: I'm not afraid of much, but a Zero Point Shard in the wrong hands... Yeesh.
Random Dialogue: These outlaws are so... rowdy. Hmph.
Random Dialogue: Keep your eyes peeled and your guns close.
Wearing Shadow Blade Hope: There's got to be a way to get into that demon world... place.
Wearing Outlaw Midas: Been a minute, golden king. What're you scheming?
Wearing Daigo: I thought we could be friends... but I think being enemies would be more fun.
Wearing Kendo: If Hope gets hurt on your watch, sword boy, you'll learn what my name means.
Default Dialogue: What d'you want?
Default Dialogue: Hope's trying to figure out who she wants to be.
Default Dialogue: The luxury of peacetime, I guess. A luxury we won't have forever.
Default Dialogue: Hope's not some flashy hero type, at heart.
Default Dialogue: Hope's a leader. And a good leader's worth a hundred heroes.
Default Dialogue: Truth is, we're here hunting for a Zero Point Shard.
Default Dialogue: It's powerful. Chaotic. And prone to being misused by villain types.
Default Dialogue: I've got a lot of experience with the Zero Point, but this is a mess.
Default Dialogue: The worst part: I don't think this Shard's the only one out there...


----- NPC: Shadow Blade Hope -----
Default Dialogue: Haven't seen this many people obsessed with gold since The Society.
First Interaction: Good to see you again.
Random Dialogue: Haven't seen this many people obsessed with gold since The Society.
Random Dialogue: Geez. This Island has gotten... chaotic.
Random Dialogue: Crime, gold, power struggles... Reminds me of home. Ugh.
Random Dialogue: Making slow progress on securing the Shard. We NEED a plan.
Wearing Vengeance Jones: We need a way to breach the Spirit Realm if we want to secure the Shard.
Wearing Daigo: I'd really love for us to be allies... if you're willing to give up the Shard.
Wearing Kendo: Your brother will turn up. Hopefully without any schemes in play.
Wearing Jade: You're the only one I know who can understand what the Sprites say...
Wearing The Night Rose: Welcome to the team. Tell me everything you know about the Spirit Realm.
Wearing Keisha Cross: Your gold-fingered boss. What can you tell me about him?
Default Dialogue: What do you want to know?
Default Dialogue: Chasing the Shard with Jones has gotten me thinking about how it all started.
Default Dialogue: I was just some girl trying to fix the world, with the odds against her.
Default Dialogue: I was scared and over my head, and couldn't ever show it.
Default Dialogue: Jones took me under his wing. If I met someone like me... I'd like to do that, too.
Default Dialogue: I never met anyone back home who really 'got' me.
Default Dialogue: Jones is a great mentor, and we're a great team, but Kendo is different.
Default Dialogue: Kendo's quiet, and sensitive, and knows what it's like to have a hyper-ambitious older sibling.
Default Dialogue: He always has my back. I hope he knows I have his back, too.
Default Dialogue: The Shard seems to be locked away in the Spirit Realm.
Default Dialogue: Fun fact: Only demons can use the portals, which is... great.
Default Dialogue: And even if we could get through, it's swarming with enemies.
Default Dialogue: We need to figure out a plan. And soon.


----- NPC: Fishstick -----
Default Dialogue: (Fishstick gives you his full attention.)
Default Dialogue: (Fishstick mimes a train moving, and then happily walking on.)
Default Dialogue: (Fishstick mimes a WHOLE LOT OF CHAOS and running off the train in a panic.)
Default Dialogue: (Fishstick droops dramatically at not being able to get onto the train.)
Default Dialogue: (Why did he want to get on the train? He mimes cutting sushi and scowls: REVENGE on Durrr Taisho!)
Default Dialogue: (Fishstick cocks his head in confusion.)
First Interaction: (Fishstick waves and burbles kindly.)
Random Dialogue: (Fishstick cocks his head in confusion.)
Random Dialogue: (Fishstick gives a little wave.)
Random Dialogue: (Fishstick burbles excitedly.)
Wearing Fish Thicc: (Fishstick's eyes widen in alarm.)
Wearing Durrr Taisho: (Fishstick glares with angry intent.)


----- NPC: Kendo -----
Default Dialogue: How can I help?
Default Dialogue: I love my family, but I never feel totally relaxed around them.
Default Dialogue: Hope is different. We just... get each other.
Default Dialogue: She always has my back. And I have hers. That's a new feeling.
Default Dialogue: I hope she feels the same way.
Default Dialogue: You know that feeling you get sometimes, like you're being watched?
Default Dialogue: I get that feeling every time Daigo's got a new 'project'. Like a sixth sense.
Default Dialogue: Daigo's projects are always big, bold, and leave a huge mess for the rest of us.
Default Dialogue: I hope I'm wrong. But I know I'm not.
Default Dialogue: Jade's home, and everything is... mostly... back to normal.
Default Dialogue: She's lost some of her recklessness. I thought I'd be relieved, but...
Default Dialogue: Still, she's exploring her connection to the sprites, and that's beautiful.
Default Dialogue: I think she's found her destiny. I'm proud, if a little jealous.
Default Dialogue: This Island is special. It needs protection.
First Interaction: My blade's at your service.
Random Dialogue: This Island is special. It needs protection.
Random Dialogue: My family is supposed to protect this Island. Not destroy it.
Random Dialogue: Crime, chaos... I don't recognize the Island I love anymore.
Random Dialogue: I will rid this Island of the demons that menace it.
Wearing Daigo: I know you're planning something foolish, brother. Don't.
Wearing Jade: I think Daigo's working on one of his... projects.
Wearing Shadow Blade Hope: Sometimes I feel like nobody on this Island gets me, except you.
Wearing The Night Rose: You got your freedom. What comes next?
Wearing Vengeance Jones: I promise, I've got Hope's back. And I know she has mine.
Wearing Cassidy Quinn: We should spar sometime. Curious to see how that'd go.
Wearing Joss: How can you not believe in magic?? It's all around you.


----- NPC: Skillet -----
Default Dialogue: If it ain't my favorite Ratso! Back for more?
First Interaction: Get yer explosives, destructives, and all manner of grenade-u-lators!!
Random Dialogue: KABOOM!
Random Dialogue: Short fuse, long fuse, no fuse... whatever you want as long as it 'splodes!
Wearing Valentina: Today, I'm retired. Ask again tomorrow.
Wearing Fletcher Kane: Yer house'd look much prettier as a pile'a charred rubble.
Wearing Outlaw Midas: Whatever yer plannin', it needs more explosives!
Default Dialogue: Go 'head. I don't bite.
Default Dialogue: Why are you askin' 'bout my mamma?
Default Dialogue: YOU BEST SPEAK CAREFULLY, NOW.
Default Dialogue: ...
Default Dialogue: THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT.
Default Dialogue: I am RETIRED! ish. 
Default Dialogue: Sure, 'ccasionally I come outta retirement for fun. Heh.
Default Dialogue: But generally speakin', I'm outta the crime game.
Default Dialogue: Only good, honest illegal explosives manufacturing for this possum!
Default Dialogue: What's there to say, except I love 'em?
Default Dialogue: The smell, the danger, the raw throwability...
Default Dialogue: Nothin' else compares to a great big KABOOM!


----- NPC: Outlaw Midas -----
Default Dialogue: They've been calling me the Golden Gunslinger. I... think I like it.
First Interaction: Did you miss me?
Random Dialogue: They've been calling me the Golden Gunslinger. I... think I like it.
Random Dialogue: I suppose they call it "Crime City" for a reason.
Random Dialogue: Yes?
Random Dialogue: You're looking at me like you know I'm up to something.
Wearing Cassidy Quinn: Have you been telling people you're my protege? That's... bold.
Wearing Jules: I meant to write. I'm sorry.
Wearing Brutus: I'm so grateful for your loyalty, old friend.
Wearing Meowscles: (Midas scritches your ears affectionately.)
Wearing Marigold: I don't know another woman across reality who'd break me out of the Underworld like you did.
Wearing Montague: Lay low, cambrioleur. I'd prefer our little rapprochement remain a secret.
Default Dialogue: I can't promise I'll answer.
Default Dialogue: You must have been wondering why I leveraged my influence to prop up a scam like Dill Bits.
Default Dialogue: Or maybe you've guessed. After all, Kane could never resist the temptation of a quick Bar.
Default Dialogue: Between the outlaws and this ill-considered investment, Kane's little empire is crumbling.
Default Dialogue: The best way to defeat an old dog is to come up with some new tricks. And that's always been my specialty.
Default Dialogue: We're... old acquaintances. And yes, he's always been a pompous blowhard.
Default Dialogue: Even when "The Baron" had nothing, he believed the world belonged to him.
Default Dialogue: I've always been one step ahead of him. And I suspect he's taken that personally over the years.
Default Dialogue: Ah, well. It can't be helped. Robber kings can either be the best or yield to the best. And Kane will yield.
Default Dialogue: Oh, it's not altruism, believe me. These people can decide what's best for them just fine.
Default Dialogue: And these criminals don't want to be governed. Least of all by me.
Default Dialogue: But we have a singular aligned goal: get Kane out of everyone's way.
Default Dialogue: It's a tenuous, temporary alliance. But if we can pull this off, everyone wins. Isn't that nice?


----- NPC: Jade -----
Default Dialogue: I'll try to help, however I can.
Default Dialogue: I can't explain my connection to the sprites in words, exactly.
Default Dialogue: I can understand them. I can feel what they feel. They listen to me.
Default Dialogue: And... I can feel this great, slow heartbeat in my chest, alongside my own.
Default Dialogue: I think it's the heartbeat of the Island itself.
Default Dialogue: I'm worried about Daigo. He's obsessed with the darkness he saw in the Spirit Realm.
Default Dialogue: He thinks he alone can face it. He's wrong.
Default Dialogue: If he tries to face the heart of the darkness alone, he will lose. It will take him.
Default Dialogue: We have to stop him. But I don't know if we can.
Default Dialogue: The Spirit Realm… I can barely remember my time there, but it was strange. 
Default Dialogue: The Spirit Realm wasn’t dark, or evil… but there was a dark presence there. 
Default Dialogue: It knew me. My family's bloodline. And it wants us, all of us... but especially Daigo.
Default Dialogue: It has the Shard. We can’t let it take the Island.
Default Dialogue: Magic can be good or bad, but it's always wild.
First Interaction: Keep an eye out for the sprites. They like to play.
Random Dialogue: Magic can be good or bad, but it's always wild.
Random Dialogue: I survived the Spirit Realm and I didn't even get a cool t-shirt.
Random Dialogue: I think I need a break from adventures for a bit.
Random Dialogue: This Island is beautiful, and it's my destiny to protect it.
Random Dialogue: I can feel this deep, magical connection to the sprites and the Island. It's amazing.
Wearing Kendo: I'm worried about Daigo. Wherever he is...
Wearing Daigo: I'm worried about you, Daigo. Please... just come home.
Wearing Shadow Blade Hope: However I can help your quest, I'm happy to.
Wearing Joss: Trust me. Magic is real... and dangerous.
Wearing Fletcher Kane: You think you own your wealth... but I think it owns you.


----- NPC: Brutus -----
Default Dialogue: You look like you need somethin'.
First Interaction: You look surprised to see me.
Random Dialogue: You look like you need somethin'.
Random Dialogue: You got a message from the Boss?
Random Dialogue: Where Midas goes, I follow.
Wearing Outlaw Midas: Boss. Good to have ya back.
Wearing Meowscles: Good to see ya, Big Cat.
Default Dialogue: You've got questions, I've got redacted answers.
Default Dialogue: Oh, that place is NOT safe.
Default Dialogue: If you're headed that way, I can provide backup and muscle.
Default Dialogue: For a price. Heh.
Default Dialogue: Everyone thinks they've got the boss pinned down. Understood. Dead to rights.
Default Dialogue: They never do.
Default Dialogue: Midas is a complicated, *motivated* person.
Default Dialogue: But he's always been good to me. And in my mind, he's always been justified to do what he does.
Default Dialogue: Neither. My allegiance was always to the boss.
Default Dialogue: I go where he goes. I do what he needs done.
Default Dialogue: Midas has been good to me over the years. He'll have my loyalty for a lifetime.


----- NPC: Joss -----
Default Dialogue: Don't start any caustic reactions.
First Interaction: I've got chemical concoctions for all of your robbing-and-stealing needs.
Random Dialogue: Don't start any caustic reactions.
Random Dialogue: What's brewing?
Random Dialogue: It's not magic. It's chemistry.
Wearing Big Dill: You are a scientific marvel.
Wearing Outlaw Midas: Nobody helps anybody for free around here. What's your angle?
Wearing Keisha Cross: Any luck on fixing that heating element for my sample incubator?
Default Dialogue: I sense a question bubbling up...
Default Dialogue: I think magic is just science we don't understand yet.
Default Dialogue: We used to think miasmas caused illness, and volcanoes were angry gods...
Default Dialogue: ...and that the tooth fairy was an actual fairy, not a tiny dentist with boundary issues.
Default Dialogue: Folks around here think that makes me a buzzkill. But isn't science so much more exciting than magic?
Default Dialogue: Gold. Symbol: Au. Atomic number: 79. 
Default Dialogue: It's soft-ish. Inert-esque. A great conductor...
Default Dialogue: ...and some people spend their whole lives chasing it.
Default Dialogue: It pays for my beakers and keeps the lights on, but there are more interesting elements out there to study.
Default Dialogue: Chemistry is EVERYTHING.
Default Dialogue: Chemistry lets us combine elements in endless permutations to make something new.
Default Dialogue: Everything on the Island, good or bad, exists because of chemistry.
Default Dialogue: Who wouldn't want to master something like that?


----- NPC: Durrr Taisho -----
Default Dialogue: Munch on my masterful maki.
First Interaction: My rolls are Durrr-licious!
Random Dialogue: Munch on my masterful maki.
Random Dialogue: Fresh cut fish on rice. What could be better than that?!
Wearing Fishstick: Don't be afraid, little fish! It impacts your deliciousness.
Wearing Maki Master: I'd be willing to franchise, if you're interested.
Wearing Thunder: Gila has thunder rolls. I have lightning rolls. They're completely different products!
Default Dialogue: What do you need from sashi-me?
Default Dialogue: Making sushi is a delicate culinary art. 
Default Dialogue: You have to have the best ingredients and most precise preparation. 
Default Dialogue: You know what they say: There's nowhere to hide on the sushi plate!


