----- NPC: Peabody -----
Default Dialogue: Who'd you like to s-pea-k to?
Default Dialogue: Mfmffhfmmf--
Default Dialogue: --ffmfmffmdff--
Default Dialogue: *gasp* sorry. Got stuck in the pod flaps. Whaddya want?
Default Dialogue: I don't mind being the middle pea.
Default Dialogue: I'm not the strong foundation, or the face of the business...
Default Dialogue: I'm just me. Earl. How's it goin'?
Default Dialogue: Yeah, I'm the top pea around here.
Default Dialogue: The boys thought I had the right charm to be the face of this operation.
Default Dialogue: And I mean... are they wrong? *wink*
Default Dialogue: How can Phil help you today?
First Interaction: Phil, Earl and Axle, at your service!
Random Dialogue: How can Phil help you today?
Random Dialogue: Earl, here. Looking for a tune up?
Random Dialogue: Mffphffis - UGH! Listen, it's Axle! I need-
Wearing Heroic Hope: You and fighting-evil-in-the-name-of-good. Like two peas in a pod.
Wearing Vengeance Jones: Still seeking vengence, huh? Earl can understand that.
Wearing Ruckus: Mmmff! Mfff - Ruckus? What happened to the Chums?


----- NPC: Captain Jones -----
Default Dialogue: I think I'm done with vengeance. Time for some justice.
First Interaction: I guess it's us vs. Doom, huh? Bring it on!
Random Dialogue: I think I'm done with vengeance. Time for some justice.
Random Dialogue: I figured out that there's more to life than vengeance.
Random Dialogue: It felt really good to be mad, for a long time. But I'm done with that.
Random Dialogue: It's been a minute since I've had to face down an apocalypse. Ah, nostalgia...
Random Dialogue: You can call me Captain Jones. And check out... wait, where'd I put that shield...?
Random Dialogue: Hope's facing down her proper supervillain. I'm so proud!
Wearing Hope, Heroic Hope: You're doing great, kiddo. Keep up the fine work.
Wearing Nisha: See what 'a strong hand' gets you? Villains, every time. Duh.
Default Dialogue: What would ya like to know?
Default Dialogue: If I never get sassed by that sentient bowl of soup again, it'll be too soon.
Default Dialogue: That said, I respect her... even if her 'prophecies' don't tell us much.
Default Dialogue: At least THIS ally isn't going to betray us and try to shoot me. I hope.
Default Dialogue: Though honestly, I'd love to see her try.
Default Dialogue: Hope's coming into her own as a hero, and I'm really proud of her.
Default Dialogue: I remember those pressures. Saving the world is a heavy burden to bear. 
Default Dialogue: I was like, "Why me?" "I'm just a guy!" "Who are all these heroes flying around in hi-tech suits?
Default Dialogue: She's ready. I know she is. And we'll have her back every step of the way.
Default Dialogue: I can't say I'm a big fan of the guy, for obvious reasons.
Default Dialogue: He's not gonna win. I don't think. You always expect one of these to be your last, I guess.
Default Dialogue: But Hope and the Avengers and the whole team, have got that. I believe in us.


----- NPC: Triage Trooper -----
Default Dialogue: Ask me anything. I'm an open medkit.
Default Dialogue: Listen, about what I did...
Default Dialogue: I don't agree with you. Your whole vendetta against mortals.
Default Dialogue: It kind of goes against my personal interests. You know, as a mortal myself.
Default Dialogue: But you were hurt. I couldn't just NOT save you. No matter what Field Surgeon thinks.
Default Dialogue: Field Surgeon hired Saskia to find me.
Default Dialogue: She's...not too happy about something I did. Someone I saved.
Default Dialogue: But even after everything he did? He was still hurt.
Default Dialogue: God or not, I help those who need me.
Default Dialogue: You hurt? I could fix that.
First Interaction: Happy to lend a healing hand!
Random Dialogue: You hurt? I could fix that.
Random Dialogue: I'm always here to help! Just ask Field Surgeon.
Random Dialogue: If you're looking for some heals, I'm your man!
Wearing Saskia: Tell Field Surgeon I get the message. I'm done running.
Wearing Field Surgeon: I know we don't agree on what I did, but we can still be friends. Right...?
Wearing Zeus: Zeus! It's... good to see you up and about.


----- NPC: Centurion -----
Default Dialogue: Now THIS is more like it!
First Interaction: I'm Centurion. And I'm ready to help you take on Doom.
Random Dialogue: Now THIS is more like it!
Random Dialogue: I was a terrible wastelander. It's good to feel like a soldier again.
Random Dialogue: A hopeless war against a terrifying villain? WAY more my jam than some big chaotic wasteland.
Random Dialogue: I got bored of the wasteland aesthetic pretty fast anyhow.


----- NPC: Artemis -----
Default Dialogue: You're getting quieter, little mouse. I'm impressed.
First Interaction: Well met, little mouse.
Wearing Hope, Heroic Hope: You and The Oracle have developed a kinship. Seems appropriate given your... lineage.
Wearing Oscar: You have been a joy to hunt. Let's not end this dance prematurely.
Wearing Medusa: You have changed the world, Medusa. Be ready to shape a better one.
Random Dialogue: You're getting quieter, little mouse. I'm impressed.
Random Dialogue: The hunt awaits us. 
Random Dialogue: I have not taken mortals as hunting companions in eons. Mayhaps I will change that...
Default Dialogue: Ask away, mortal.
Default Dialogue: The story of their lineage is not mine to tell.
Default Dialogue: Suffice to say, every family in The Society had their ties to the pantheon.
Default Dialogue: Diluted into myth over eons, fragile as gossamer, and ultimately pointless.
Default Dialogue: Hope will need more than an ancient lineage to recapture this Island from Doom.
Default Dialogue: Doom is powerful and brilliant, but arrogant.
Default Dialogue: The Oracle and her pet mortal, Hope, will defang him.
Default Dialogue: Suffice to say, every family in The Society had their ties to the pantheon.
Default Dialogue: My family have scattered to the infinite corners of reality.
Default Dialogue: Humbled, but free of Zeus' tyranny. It will be good for them.
Default Dialogue: For Zeus, too, though his pride and vanity cost him his immortality.
Default Dialogue: I have grown fond of this Island and its denizens. I will stay.


----- NPC: Peelverine -----
Default Dialogue: (Peelverine flexes his nanmantium claws.)
First Interaction: Try your luck against me, bub. I dare you.
Random Dialogue: (Peelverine flexes his nanamantium claws.)
Random Dialogue: My ripen-eration mutation keeps me bruise free.
Random Dialogue: What do you got to say there, bub?
Wearing War Machine: (Peelverine smirks at the man in a suit of gizmos.)
Wearing Peelverine: (Peelverine stares into his own reflection. He flexes.)
Wearing Heroic Hope: Ready to go to work?
Wearing Vengeance Jones: There's a time for scrappin'. I know that better than anyone.
Default Dialogue: (Peelverine squints and nods.)
Default Dialogue: (Peelverine looks off into the distance.)
Default Dialogue: (He sighs, then pats himself on the peel.)
Default Dialogue: It's hard knowing you're as feriocious and wild as a wolverine.
Default Dialogue: Yet as soft and delicious as a banana.


----- NPC: Ruckus -----
Default Dialogue: Who needs leader when Ruckus can be leader AND follower?
First Interaction: I am Ruckus!! THE LONE RABBLER!!!
Random Dialogue: Who needs leader when Ruckus can be leader AND follower?
Random Dialogue: Cause Ruckus! Rouse rabble! BE FREE!!
Random Dialogue: Ruckus the Rabbler follows his own path now!
Wearing Chiara: The Chums disbanded without telling Ruckus...
Wearing Power Chord: Without the Chums, Ruckus stands alone...
Wearing Backbone: Ruckus yearns for his Chums... but he must be alone...
Default Dialogue: Hmm?
Default Dialogue: Long ago, Ruckus belonged to Chiara's Chums!
Default Dialogue: But the Chums disbanded. Without telling Ruckus.
Default Dialogue: Now Ruckus is RUCKUS THE RABBLER! And he walks ALONE!!
Default Dialogue: Unless... you walk with Ruckus for a while...?


----- NPC: Heroic Hope -----
Default Dialogue: Any news?
First Interaction: Doom won't get away with this.
Random Dialogue: Any news?
Random Dialogue: You got something for me?
Random Dialogue: You're back. What's up?
Wearing Vengeance Jones: Come to give me ANOTHER pep talk? 
Wearing Starr Oakley: I'm glad you're here. Are you ready for The Underground's final ride?
Wearing Rufus: Hey, buddy. Glad you're still fighting at my side.
Wearing Blair: I'm glad to have you, and the rest of The Underground, beside me in this fight.
Default Dialogue: How can I help?
Default Dialogue: I can't say I recommend being the subject of a prophecy.
Default Dialogue: It's... pretty terrifying.
Default Dialogue: Plus, now I have to run all of my life decisions past a sentient glass of water. 
Default Dialogue: A very wise glass of water. But a glass of water nonetheless.


----- NPC: Rust -----
Default Dialogue: I miss the thrashin', scrappin' sands...
First Interaction: The wasteland is gone... in spirit, at least...
Random Dialogue: I miss the thrashin', scrappin' sands...
Random Dialogue: This place is so different now.
Random Dialogue: *sigh* I got sand in my teeth again. Just like old times.
Wearing Brite Raider: Doom took down the wasteland. So we gotta take down Doom.
Default Dialogue: I'm ready to rock.
Default Dialogue: Sure, he got rid of Megalo Don...
Default Dialogue: ...but he crushed the spirit of the Wasteland along the way.
Default Dialogue: He'll pay for that. I'll do whatever it takes to help Hope take him down.
Default Dialogue: The spirit of the Wasteland blew up with the pipeline.
Default Dialogue: Sure the sand is still there, but... it's just not the same.
Default Dialogue: I'll find somewhere else that gives me that rowdy feeling... I just know it.


----- NPC: Gweenpool -----
Default Dialogue: Default conversation.
First Interaction: First ever conversation.
Wearing Malik: Outfit reaction.


----- NPC: Nisha -----
Default Dialogue: Ask away. I cannot afford secrets now anyhow.
Default Dialogue: You mean, if we win against this Doctor Doom?
Default Dialogue: My estate is gone. Kavel and I have been left with nothing.
Default Dialogue: But I have my brother, my foil, and my keen mind, so...
Default Dialogue: We will build a new future, if we have to.
Default Dialogue: Growing up, Hope was not what you'd call a 'natural leader'.
Default Dialogue: Once she grew a conscience, she became... unpopular with our peers.
Default Dialogue: If her family's background wasn't impeccable... ah, but enough about that.
Default Dialogue: She's growing into leadership now, it seems. She'd better not falter.
Default Dialogue: Yes, I have... reluctantly... joined Hope's little rebellion.
Default Dialogue: She has a point. The Society was good to its members. Not so much anyone else.
Default Dialogue: And Doom offers a compelling shared villain, of course.
Default Dialogue: I... don't hate the idea of a better, kinder world.
Default Dialogue: I do not miss The Society... but sometimes I miss knowing the hierarchy of things.
First Interaction: I am Nisha, newly of The Underground. Much to my chagrin.
Random Dialogue: I do not miss The Society... but sometimes I miss knowing the hierarchy of things.
Random Dialogue: I thought the Island could use a strong hand. Doom has proven that analysis... flawed.
Random Dialogue: This Island is swarming with superheroes. They can be a bit much.
Random Dialogue: I guess this is the start of my rebellious phase. Hm.
Wearing Hope, Heroic Hope: I will work with you, Hope. But that does not make us friends.
Wearing Kavel: Our parents would despise The Underground. That... almost makes this fun.
Wearing Vengeance Jones: I am sorry about your banana friend. For what that's worth.
Wearing Oscar: It feels odd to say, but you seem... freer, now that you're on your own.
Wearing Montague: I've thrown in with The Underground. If you cannot beat them, etc.
Wearing Medusa: I heard you helped dethrone a god. You seem like someone I should know.
Wearing Starr Oakley: I'll put down my foil if you'll put down your bow. Allies?
Wearing Rufus: You're part of The Underground? That's... wonderful...
Wearing Blair: I'm Nisha. I'm new to The Underground. Which I imagine you'd guessed.


----- NPC: Brite Raider -----
Default Dialogue: It's a brite one today.
First Interaction: This isn't the wasteland I remember...
Wearing Rust: What do you make of all this "Doom" stuff?
Wearing Heroic Hope, Hope: Hope! I heard you're, um, the subject of a prophecy?
Random Dialogue: It's a brite one today.
Random Dialogue: Hey there, Wastelander!
Random Dialogue: Brite Raider, at your service.
Default Dialogue: What do you wanna know?
Default Dialogue: So, the Wanderer was Doctor Doom this whole time?
Default Dialogue: I knew there was something up with him! Something BAD!
Default Dialogue: I have to say, I love that there's less sand on the Island now.
Default Dialogue: It was in my shoes, my hair, my food...
Default Dialogue: ...and other places where sand should not go. Yikes.
Default Dialogue: Oh, my llamacorn from back home? He's a good boy.
Default Dialogue: ...You know, except for the biting.


----- NPC: War Machine -----
Default Dialogue: You got questions for me?
Default Dialogue: Being in this suit? I feel unstoppable. But... 
Default Dialogue: I'd be lying if I said I enjoyed it all the time.
Default Dialogue: In here, I can be the hero I need to be.
Default Dialogue: But I miss just sitting at the controls. I miss being a pilot.
Default Dialogue: Trust me, I won't rust.
First Interaction: Looks like I really stepped in it this time.
Random Dialogue: Trust me, I won't rust.
Random Dialogue: I gotta get out there. Test my new toys.
Random Dialogue: Here I am, ready to save the day.
Wearing Peelverine: Nanamantium, huh? That's not contagious, right?
Wearing Heroic Hope: Did your prophecy mention anything about this?
Wearing War Machine: Well, look at you! A real tin can off the old block.
Wearing Vengeance Jones: Vengeance is sweet, but what comes next?


