----- NPC: Vi -----
Default Dialogue: What do you need to know?
Default Dialogue: We made peace with the River Guard a while back... but I don't trust it.
Default Dialogue: After all, you can stitch up a wound, but the scar remains.
Default Dialogue: Still. If they've decided to put the war behind us, maybe we can have peace.
Default Dialogue: I'll believe it when I see it.
Default Dialogue: Fox Clan used to have magical masks, many ages ago.
Default Dialogue: A family of artisans from this Island knew the secret to making them. But they got overambitious.
Default Dialogue: They created dangerous Masks of Power, which caused the Shattering War.
Default Dialogue: Magic was banished. Masks were shattered. And, of course, Fox Clan was blamed.
Default Dialogue: Fox Clan have survived a lot of rough times. Made dangerous enemies.
Default Dialogue: And now, we're back where it all began. Right here.
Default Dialogue: Demons, magical masks, it's like the old stories are coming to life.
Default Dialogue: Those stories didn't go great for us, the first time 'round.
Default Dialogue: Keep your eyes peeled. Enemies might be lurking.
First Interaction: Greetings from the Fox Clan.
Random Dialogue: Keep your eyes peeled. Enemies might be lurking.
Random Dialogue: You never know what stalks the shadows...
Random Dialogue: Are you on Fox Clan business?
Wearing Mizuki: Empress. I'm not looking for any trouble.
Wearing Drift: I told you. You pick up strays, you have to train 'em.
Wearing Stray: Drift's not here, little kit. Go play somewhere else.
Wearing Catalyst: I'm hearing rumors of magic masks. That means trouble.
Wearing Kimiko Five-Tails: I'm worried about these masks, guardian. 
Wearing Vox Hunter: What are the poets saying about us, Voxy?
Wearing Daigo: I just hope you're not like your foolish ancestors. 


----- NPC: Vengeance Jones -----
Default Dialogue: What?
Default Dialogue: Hope and I are looking for something.
Default Dialogue: ... That's all you're getting.
Default Dialogue: I guess change doesn't always stick.
First Interaction: Hey. It's you again.
Random Dialogue: I guess change doesn't always stick.
Random Dialogue: I'm on a mission.
Random Dialogue: When you're in a suspicious mood, everyone seems supicious.
Random Dialogue: Magic. Huh.
Wearing Shadow Blade Hope: I like the new look. Very "parkour".
Wearing Daigo: You're not telling us everything.
Wearing Kendo: Real life isn't a story, buddy.
Wearing Jade: Hm. What did curiosity do to the cat again?
Wearing The Night Rose: Just try me, demon.


----- NPC: Daigo -----
Default Dialogue: Are you sure you're in the right place? I have a specific clientele.
First Interaction: Hm. What brings someone like... you... to The Thousand Faces?
Random Dialogue: Are you sure you're in the right place? I have a specific clientele.
Random Dialogue: 100% off all non-magical masks. We're done with those.
Wearing Kendo: What do you want?
Wearing Jade: What's today's adventure then?
Wearing Hope, Heroic Hope, Shadow Blade Hope: Hm. I don't know you... and I know everyone.
Wearing Vengeance Jones: Stay out of my business, stranger, and I'll stay out of yours.
Default Dialogue: What would you like to know?
Default Dialogue: People cannot cross into the Spirit Realm. Only demons.
Default Dialogue: I'll admit, I have a burning curiosity to see that world.
Default Dialogue: What ancient secrets it may be keeping...
Default Dialogue: But even I can't cross the threshold. Yet.
Default Dialogue: Kendo styles himself as a warrior of old, but he's just restless and bored.
Default Dialogue: He seeks some great purpose... Fool. We make our own purpose.
Default Dialogue: Jade is reckless, but brilliant. Maybe the smartest person I've met, aside from myself.
Default Dialogue: She'll change this world, if she doesn't destroy herself in the process.
Default Dialogue: As the eldest son, I inherited the shop from my grandfather.
Default Dialogue: Once upon a time, we made great, magical Masks of Power.
Default Dialogue: But my ancestors burned the secrets to crafting them.
Default Dialogue: I've unlocked rudimentary mask magic, but if I could make a true Mask of Power...


----- NPC: Jade -----
Default Dialogue: What are you curious about?
Default Dialogue: The sprites are somehow connected to the magic of this Island. It's fascinating.
Default Dialogue: If you can bring me a sprite, you'll be rewarded. I'd love to see one of those little guys up close!
Default Dialogue: Everyone says the old stories are about war.
Default Dialogue: But they aren't. Not really. They're about BALANCE.
Default Dialogue: When the Island is in balance, things are amazing.
Default Dialogue: The Island isn't in balance, right now. I want to fix that.
Default Dialogue: My brother Kendo is a warrior without a teacher.
Default Dialogue: He loves magic, and stories of noble warriors.
Default Dialogue: He thinks I'm reckless. I think he's naive. We... argue.
Default Dialogue: But he's got the purest heart I know. I hope it's enough...
Default Dialogue: My eldest brother Daigo is a... frustrated genius.
Default Dialogue: He hates that our family only makes ceremonial, non-magical masks.
Default Dialogue: The old stories say, magical masks led to the banishment of magic.
Default Dialogue: He's my favorite person... but he's really stubborn. And maybe dangerous.
Default Dialogue: This Island is special. It needs protection.
First Interaction: Hey. I'm Jade. Are you new around here?
Random Dialogue: This Island is special. It needs protection.
Random Dialogue: I want to see every nook and cranny of this whole Island!
Random Dialogue: My brothers don't understand. It's all about balance.
Random Dialogue: I keep being stalked by demons. Ha! As if that will scare me.
Random Dialogue: The sprites... I can feel a special connection with them. It's beautiful.
Wearing Kendo: Stop trying to protect me. I'm in charge of my story, not you.
Wearing Daigo: They'll tell stories of you someday, brother. Make them good ones.
Wearing The Night Rose: You deserve your freedom. Everyone does.
Wearing Helsie: Is that... Helsie?? Wow. It's been ages.


----- NPC: Bushranger -----
Default Dialogue: Friendfriend have question? Bushy have answer... maybe.
Default Dialogue: Nightday odd in thisplace. Rules different. Nature strange.
Default Dialogue: Bushy can talk to spritefriends. Help sun come home. Wake up forest!
Default Dialogue: Bushy always happy to help friendfriend and forest.
Default Dialogue: Nightday weird here. Bushy can help!
First Interaction: Bushybushy forest guardian!
Random Dialogue: Nightday weird here. Bushy can help!
Random Dialogue: Dayforest has sunshine! Thank the spritefriends!
Wearing Jade: Bushy protect forest for newfriend Jade!
Wearing Kendo: Bushy won't let demons mess with forest!


----- NPC: Mizuki -----
Default Dialogue: What has the current brought me, hm?
First Interaction: The River Guard welcomes you. If you do not try our patience.
Random Dialogue: What has the current brought me, hm?
Random Dialogue: Welcome to River Guard's domain. At least, part of it.
Wearing Kendo: You will not find your purpose here, warrior.
Wearing Jade: They call you reckless. I prefer relentless, like the tide.
Wearing Daigo: You swim dark waters, mask maker. Beware they don't drown you.
Wearing Shadow Blade Hope: What you seek is here, yet... not here. Good luck.
Wearing Vi: We have no quarrel with the Fox Clan... for now.
Wearing Stray: Keep your eyes sharp, brother. Darkness stirs beneath the surface.
Wearing Drift: Watch yourself, little fox.
Wearing TBD: The heart of the ocean beats within you, dragon warrior.
Default Dialogue: What would you like to know?
Default Dialogue: These magical masks stink of old, dangerous magic.
Default Dialogue: The very magic we waged a war to destroy.
Default Dialogue: Of course they are useful. But power has a cost.
Default Dialogue: Feel free to pay it. I, myself, will abstain.
Default Dialogue: The Fox Clan are not malicious, but... they have made mistakes.
Default Dialogue: Long ago, their mask maker forged masks of ruinous power.
Default Dialogue: Even once they realized their folly, it almost tore this Island apart.
Default Dialogue: Magic was banished, to protect us. And now... it has returned.
Default Dialogue: Ever since some... unfortunate history, the River Guard keep to ourselves.
Default Dialogue: Trust, once broken, is not easily mended.
Default Dialogue: Once upon a time, an ambitious artisan chased power, and a war erupted.
Default Dialogue: The lessons learned have been forgotten. The reminder will be sharp.


----- NPC: Kendo -----
Default Dialogue: This Island sure is beautiful, isn't it?
First Interaction: Nice to meet you.
Random Dialogue: This Island is beautiful. I'm proud to protect it.
Random Dialogue: Never thought I'd get to see real magic...
Wearing Daigo: I don't need another lecture, brother.
Wearing Jade: Be careful, Jade. You're going to get yourself hurt.
Wearing The Night Rose: What do you want, demon?
Wearing Shadow Blade Hope: Don't worry, Hope. I have your back.
Default Dialogue: What would you like to know?
Default Dialogue: My whole life, I've felt like there is some great purpose awaiting me.
Default Dialogue: I've always looked up to the warriors of old. Their skill, their honor.
Default Dialogue: If I'd had a true master, perhaps I could be this Island's protector...
Default Dialogue: But until then, I guess I'm waiting for my destiny to begin.
Default Dialogue: Jade's a marvel. A whirlwind of energy and insight.
Default Dialogue: Nobody knows this Island, or has found as many of its secrets, as Jade.
Default Dialogue: But she's... reckless. And burdened by a duty she puts on herself.
Default Dialogue: If she's not careful... but I hate to think about that.
Default Dialogue: Daigo is my eldest brother, a mask maker of some repute.
Default Dialogue: He inherited the family mask shop, The Thousand Faces.
Default Dialogue: He is brilliant... and selfish, and overambitious, and...
Default Dialogue: We don't get along. But we love each other.


----- NPC: Helsie -----
Default Dialogue: Keep your eyes peeled for... creatures of the night!!
First Interaction: Heya! How can the High Stakes Club help you out?
Random Dialogue: Keep your eyes peeled for... creatures of the night!!
Random Dialogue: Watch out for demons out there!
Random Dialogue: I'm used to vampires and monsters, but demons?? That's new.
Random Dialogue: Stake holstered and eyes on a swivel!
Random Dialogue: Demons, sprites, magic... it's just like in the old stories.
Random Dialogue: I can't believe we're seeing actual, real magic!!
Wearing Joni the Red, Joni the Scarlet: We're surrounded by actual magic. How cool is that??
Wearing Lucien West, Formal Lucien West: Remember to take care of yourself too, Lucien.
Wearing Jade: Jade!! It's been ages. How've you been?
Wearing Shadow Blade Hope: High Stakes Club is happy to help with your... artifact search?
Default Dialogue: What would ya like to know??
Default Dialogue: The gang's still kicking! Me, Lucien, Joni...
Default Dialogue: For pretty much forever, we've operated in the shadows.
Default Dialogue: Nobody believed us that vampires and monsters existed!
Default Dialogue: But I guess they can't really argue if demons exist when they're so... everywhere.


----- NPC: Nyanja -----
Default Dialogue: Yo.
First Interaction: Hey.
Random Dialogue: Yo.
Random Dialogue: Sup.
Random Dialogue: You good?
Random Dialogue: Mrow.
Random Dialogue: *coughs* Ugh, hairball.
Wearing Shadow Blade Hope: You been practicing those wall kicks like I showed you?
Wearing Meowscles: You could probably climb pretty fast with... those arms...
Wearing Oscar: Uh, wow, you are... definitely a big cat.
Wearing Meowdas: So, new best friend, what's this about a golden touch?
Default Dialogue: What's up, big cat?
Default Dialogue: Every year, both sides of the canyon town race to see who can cross the canyon fastest.
Default Dialogue: The winner gets free buns for a year. And their side of the canyon gets bragging rights.
Default Dialogue: Let's say I've won MULTIPLE times...
Default Dialogue: Twice. I've, uh... I've won twice.


----- NPC: Ryūji -----
Default Dialogue: May the seas always carry you home.
First Interaction: May the sea dragon keep you.
Random Dialogue: May the seas always carry you home.
Random Dialogue: May you be blessed by the sun, the moon and the waves.
Wearing Kendo: I see the restless warrior in you. You will find your purpose.
Default Dialogue: What would you like to know?
Default Dialogue: I am duty-bound to help all creatures of the sea who need assistance.
Default Dialogue: This great turtle is afflicted with darkness and loneliness both.
Default Dialogue: If the darkness can be removed... well, I must focus on that first.
Default Dialogue: But if I could also help this turtle locate his lost love, my duty would be complete.
Default Dialogue: I carry the heart of the lost sea dragon within me.
Default Dialogue: What does that mean? Honestly... I am not totally sure.
Default Dialogue: I am duty-bound to carry out the dragon's oaths, and search for its lost bones.
Default Dialogue: I am sworn to it, and that purpose gives me comfort.


----- NPC: Cinder -----
Default Dialogue: Call me Cinder. You know, the start of a flame.
First Interaction: Lets. Burn. SOME. RUBBER!
Random Dialogue: Call me Cinder. You know, the start of a flame.
Random Dialogue: I'm a bit of a wildfire.
Random Dialogue: Burn fast and LIGHT UP THE NIGHT!
Random Dialogue: I ride by the light of all the bridges I've burned.
Wearing Malik: Outfit reaction.


----- NPC: Shadow Blade Hope -----
Default Dialogue: What do you want to know?
Default Dialogue: Jones and I are searching for... something, in this reality.
Default Dialogue: I can't say much, but it's.. like Pandora's Box. 
Default Dialogue: That's as much as I can tell you, at least for now.
Default Dialogue: Because I don't think Jones and I are the only ones looking for it.
Default Dialogue: Yeah, I'm... trying to figure out who I am. And who I want to be.
Default Dialogue: Does The Underground define me? Does The Society? My name? My art?
Default Dialogue: What's out there for me, beyond painting the future and squaring up with megalomaniacal bullies?
Default Dialogue: I'm, uh... figuring it all out. And Jones is helping.
Default Dialogue: This is my first time hopping to a new reality with Jones.
Default Dialogue: I've never been this far from home before. It's... a lot. 
Default Dialogue: This world is so beautiful and magical and... I'm a little overwhelmed.
Default Dialogue: I guess every new thing is a little scary at first.
Default Dialogue: Where could it be...?
First Interaction: Hey. Been a minute.
Random Dialogue: Where could it be...?
Random Dialogue: Keep your eyes out for... those sprite things.
Random Dialogue: This place is kind of amazing.
Wearing Vengeance Jones: You're very casual about this whole 'reality-hopping' stuff.
Wearing Kendo: We make a good team. At least for demon hunting.
Wearing Daigo: My gut tell me not to trust you. My gut's rarely wrong.


