----- NPC: Daigo -----
Default Dialogue: Saving Jade won't be enough. I have to enter the darkness and defeat what lingers there.
Default Dialogue: My chaos magic is powered by conflict. Would you like to enter Combat Mode?
Default Dialogue: I've gifted you some magical weaponry. Now, FIGHT!
Default Dialogue: Let me know if you change your mind. You could be part of something great.
Default Dialogue: You're already in Combat Mode. Go on and FIGHT!

Default Dialogue: Soon, I'll be able to breach the Spirit Realm and save my sister... but that's not enough.
Wearing Jade: Nothing in this world, or any other, will stop me from saving my sister.
Wearing Kendo: I have a plan. When things are at their darkest, remember: I know who I am. 
Wearing Hope, Heroic Hope, Shadow Blade Hope: When all of this ends... I wonder whether we will be friends, or enemies.
Wearing Vengeance Jones: I don't know you. I don't trust you. I won't let you touch that Shard.
Wearing The Night Rose: Whatever happens, watch over my siblings. You owe me that much.
Wearing Shogun X: Try and stop me, demon. I'll enjoy making a fool of you and your master.

Default Dialogue: Jade! Jade, I can see you! Look to the sound of my voice!
Wearing Jade: I failed my sister once. I will not do so again.
Wearing Kendo: Saving Jade is just the beginning. And, of course, it's on me to save us all.
Wearing Hope, Heroic Hope, Shadow Blade Hope: I'm responsible for my family, and for this Island. You know the feeling, I suspect.
Wearing Vengeance Jones: Are you going to lock the shard away, or use it to your own ends?
Wearing The Night Rose: You're formidable. In another life, I think we could have been allies. Or... friends.
Wearing Shogun X: The darkness within the Spirit Realm is holding your leash. I see it now.

Default Dialogue: I can hear its whispers! It knows me, my family, our bloodline. It wants to take me too...
Wearing Jade: Soon... soon, Jade will be home. Where she belongs.
Wearing Kendo: The presence in the Spirit Realm, it knows us. Our history. Our blood.
Wearing Hope, Heroic Hope, Shadow Blade Hope: In the end, it always falls on me to fix everything. The genius. The eldest son.
Wearing Vengeance Jones: The Shard's power is seductive. Do you think you're up to resisting it?
Wearing The Night Rose: I am the only one strong enough to face the darkness in the Spirit Realm.
Wearing Shogun X: You've bound The Night Rose... but you're bound too, aren't you?

Default Dialogue: The dark presence within the Spirit Realm is powerful. I can feel its malice.
Wearing Jade: Go away, spirit. You have my sister's face, but not her heart.
Wearing Kendo: There's something dark within the Spirit Realm... It calls to me.
Wearing Hope, Heroic Hope, Shadow Blade Hope: Most people don't realize the pressure that comes with being special. The responsibility.
Wearing Vengeance Jones: Once my sister is rescued, I wonder: what are your plans for the Shard?
Wearing The Night Rose: None of them realize, I'm the only one who can handle this power.
Wearing Shogun X: It's pathetic, binding another to your service against their will.

Default Dialogue: I can feel the power of the Spirit Realm. It's beginning.
Wearing Jade: Try your illusion on some gullible fool. Jade is in the Spirit Realm... for now.
Wearing Kendo: When this works, you'll have to start listening to me.
Wearing Hope, Heroic Hope, Shadow Blade Hope: We're alike, I think. Two people used to holding the world on our shoulders.
Wearing Vengeance Jones: Why did you come here, stranger? What are you looking for?
Wearing The Night Rose: I feel a presence in the Spirit Realm... What is it, demon?
Wearing Shogun X: The Night Rose deserves her freedom. And you deserve... a different fate.

Default Dialogue: Did my brother send you? Tell him I have a plan, and to not get in my way.
Wearing Jade: Whatever you are, you're not my sister. Stay out of my way.
Wearing Kendo: Brother... don't even think about trying to stop me.
Wearing Hope, Heroic Hope, Shadow Blade Hope: If you're thinking of trying to stop me... don't.
Wearing Vengeance Jones: You stay out of my way, and I'll stay out of yours.
Wearing The Night Rose: Thanks for your assistance. I hope to return the favor.
Wearing Shogun X: I'm taking my sister back, demon. Don't get in my way.


----- NPC: Jade -----
Default Dialogue: I'll tell you what I can...
Default Dialogue: I'm not sure what the Gold means...
Default Dialogue: But I do know what it will bring: greed, fighting, and mayhem. 
Default Dialogue: I believe that Kendo could be a hero, if the circumstances were right.
Default Dialogue: But he's untaught, stuck chasing stories of great warriors instead of learning to BE one.
Default Dialogue: His view of the world is black-and-white. Good and bad. I wish things were that simple.
Default Dialogue: I hope Kendo can find his destiny... before it finds him.
Default Dialogue: What Kendos never understood is, Daigos more complicated than just a frustrated genius.
Default Dialogue: He's always felt this pressure, not just to be the best, but to protect us from the world.
Default Dialogue: Which, now, means protecting us from the demons and the Spirit Realm.
Default Dialogue: If Daigo thinks he can solve this alone... he's going to get himself in trouble.
Default Dialogue: The Spirit Realm… I can barely remember my time there, but it was strange. 
Default Dialogue: The Spirit Realm wasn’t dark, or evil… but there was a dark presence there.
Default Dialogue: It knew me. My family. And it wants us, all of us... but especially Daigo.
Default Dialogue: It has the Shard. We can’t let it take the Island.
Default Dialogue: I can still feel it. My connection to the Sprites. To the Island.
First Interaction: Daigo... He saved me from the Spirit Realm. But how?
Random Dialogue: I can still feel it. My connection to the Sprites. To the Island.
Random Dialogue: That Shard... It could be the beginning, or end, of everything.
Random Dialogue: Everything in this world is connected. And I can feel the strings...
Wearing Kendo: I hope you and Daigo have learned to work together, Kendo.
Wearing Daigo: You saved me. That's enough. Don't put yourself in more danger.
Wearing Shadow Blade Hope: I'll do what I can to help you save the shard.
Wearing Vengeance Jones: You've seen a lot of chaos and trouble, haven't you?
Wearing Nyanja: BUDDY! I missed you!
Wearing Helsie: Let's not wait so long before we meet again, okay?
Wearing The Night Rose: You're free. I'm so happy for you!